# packages in environment at /ssu/gassu/conda_envs/renv_latest:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       2_gnu    conda-forge
_r-mutex                  1.0.1               anacondar_1    conda-forge
anyio                     4.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argcomplete               2.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi               23.1.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
argon2-cffi-bindings      21.2.0          py311h459d7ec_4    conda-forge
arrow                     1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
asttokens                 2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
async-lru                 2.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
attrs                     23.2.0             pyh71513ae_0    conda-forge
babel                     2.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
beautifulsoup4            4.12.3             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
binutils_impl_linux-64    2.40                 hf600244_0    conda-forge
bioconductor-annotate     1.76.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationdbi 1.60.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-annotationfilter 1.22.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-ballgown     2.30.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-bamsignals   1.30.0            r42hf17093f_1    bioconda
bioconductor-biobase      2.58.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocfilecache 2.6.0             r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocgenerics 0.44.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocio       1.8.0             r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biocparallel 1.32.5            r42hc247a5b_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biomart      2.54.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biostrings   2.66.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-biovizbase   1.46.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-bsgenome     1.66.1            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-data-packages 20230202             hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-delayedarray 0.24.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-deseq2       1.38.0            r42hc247a5b_0    bioconda
bioconductor-edger        3.40.0            r42hc247a5b_0    bioconda
bioconductor-ensembldb    2.22.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genefilter   1.80.0            r42h38f54d8_0    bioconda
bioconductor-geneplotter  1.76.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodb 1.34.8            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomeinfodbdata 1.2.9             r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicalignments 1.34.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicfeatures 1.50.2            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-genomicranges 1.50.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-gviz         1.42.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-iranges      2.32.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-karyoploter  1.24.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-keggrest     1.38.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-limma        3.54.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-matrixgenerics 1.10.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-protgenerics 1.30.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-regioner     1.30.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rhtslib      2.0.0             r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rsamtools    2.14.0            r42hc247a5b_0    bioconda
bioconductor-rtracklayer  1.58.0            r42h58c1800_2    bioconda
bioconductor-s4vectors    0.36.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-stager       1.20.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-summarizedexperiment 1.28.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-sva          3.46.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-tximport     1.26.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-variantannotation 1.44.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-wiggleplotr  1.22.0            r42hdfd78af_0    bioconda
bioconductor-xvector      0.38.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bioconductor-zlibbioc     1.44.0            r42hc0cfd56_0    bioconda
bleach                    6.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
brotli-python             1.1.0           py311hb755f60_1    conda-forge
bwidget                   1.9.14               ha770c72_1    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h7f98852_4    conda-forge
c-ares                    1.18.1               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2024.3.11            h06a4308_0  
cached-property           1.5.2                hd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
cached_property           1.5.2              pyha770c72_1    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            ha61ee94_1014    conda-forge
certifi                   2024.6.2        py311h06a4308_0  
cffi                      1.16.0          py311hb3a22ac_0    conda-forge
charset-normalizer        3.3.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
comm                      0.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
curl                      7.88.1               hdc1c0ab_1    conda-forge
debugpy                   1.8.1           py311hb755f60_0    conda-forge
decorator                 5.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
defusedxml                0.7.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.4                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
exceptiongroup            1.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
executing                 2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
expat                     2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
font-ttf-dejavu-sans-mono 2.37                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-inconsolata      3.000                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-source-code-pro  2.038                h77eed37_0    conda-forge
font-ttf-ubuntu           0.83                 hab24e00_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.14.2               h14ed4e7_0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-ecosystem     1                             0    conda-forge
fonts-conda-forge         1                             0    conda-forge
fqdn                      1.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
freetype                  2.12.1               hca18f0e_1    conda-forge
fribidi                   1.0.10               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
gcc_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
geos                      3.11.2               hcb278e6_0    conda-forge
gettext                   0.21.1               h27087fc_0    conda-forge
gfortran_impl_linux-64    12.2.0              h55be85b_19    conda-forge
glpk                      5.0                  h445213a_0    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.1                h58526e2_0    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            h58526e2_1001    conda-forge
gsl                       2.7                  he838d99_0    conda-forge
gxx_impl_linux-64         12.2.0              hcc96c02_19    conda-forge
h11                       0.14.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
h2                        4.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  6.0.0                h8e241bc_0    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.14.0          nompi_hb72d44e_103    conda-forge
hpack                     4.0.0              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
httpcore                  1.0.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
httpx                     0.27.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
hyperframe                6.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
icu                       70.1                 h27087fc_0    conda-forge
idna                      3.6                pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        7.0.2              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        7.0.2                hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
importlib_resources       6.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ipykernel                 6.29.3             pyhd33586a_0    conda-forge
ipython                   8.22.2             pyh707e725_0    conda-forge
ipywidgets                8.1.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
isoduration               20.11.0            pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jedi                      0.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jinja2                    3.1.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9e                   h0b41bf4_3    conda-forge
jq                        1.6               h36c2ea0_1000    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.22             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonpointer               2.4             py311h38be061_3    conda-forge
jsonschema                4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-specifications 2023.12.1          pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jsonschema-with-format-nongpl 4.21.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter                   1.0.0             pyhd8ed1ab_10    conda-forge
jupyter-lsp               2.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_client            8.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_console           6.6.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              5.7.1           py311h38be061_0    conda-forge
jupyter_events            0.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server            2.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyter_server_terminals  0.5.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab                4.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_pygments       0.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         2.25.3             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_widgets        3.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
kernel-headers_linux-64   2.6.32              he073ed8_15    conda-forge
keyutils                  1.6.1                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
krb5                      1.20.1               h81ceb04_0    conda-forge
ld_impl_linux-64          2.40                 h41732ed_0    conda-forge
lerc                      4.0.0                h27087fc_0    conda-forge
libaec                    1.0.6                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libblas                   3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.88.1               hdc1c0ab_1    conda-forge
libdeflate                1.17                 h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20191231         he28a2e2_2    conda-forge
libev                     4.33                 h516909a_1    conda-forge
libexpat                  2.5.0                hcb278e6_1    conda-forge
libffi                    3.4.2                h7f98852_5    conda-forge
libgcc-devel_linux-64     12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            13.2.0               h69a702a_0    conda-forge
libgfortran5              13.2.0               ha4646dd_0    conda-forge
libgit2                   1.6.4                h747ad27_0    conda-forge
libglib                   2.74.1               h606061b_1    conda-forge
libgomp                   12.2.0              h65d4601_19    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.17                 h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.9.0           16_linux64_openblas    conda-forge
libnghttp2                1.52.0               h61bc06f_0    conda-forge
libnsl                    2.0.0                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.21          pthreads_h78a6416_3    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.39               h753d276_0    conda-forge
libsanitizer              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.18               h7b6447c_0    anaconda
libsqlite                 3.40.0               h753d276_1    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.11.0               h0841786_0    conda-forge
libstdcxx-devel_linux-64  12.2.0              h3b97bd3_19    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              12.2.0              h46fd767_19    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.5.0                h6adf6a1_2    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h7f98852_1000    conda-forge
libwebp-base              1.3.0                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h7f98852_1004    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.10.3               hca2bb57_4    conda-forge
libzlib                   1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
make                      4.3                  hd18ef5c_1    conda-forge
markupsafe                2.1.5           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
matplotlib-inline         0.1.6              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
mistune                   3.0.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbclient                  0.8.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-core            7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbconvert-pandoc          7.16.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.9.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.3                  h27087fc_1    conda-forge
nest-asyncio              1.6.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
nlopt                     2.7.1           py311he53e775_3    conda-forge
notebook                  7.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
notebook-shim             0.2.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.24.2          py311h8e6699e_0    conda-forge
oniguruma                 6.9.8                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
openssl                   3.1.4                hd590300_0    conda-forge
overrides                 7.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
packaging                 24.0               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pandoc                    2.19.2               h32600fe_2    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.5.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pango                     1.50.14              hd33c08f_0    conda-forge
parso                     0.8.3              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pcre2                     10.40                hc3806b6_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pickleshare               0.7.5                   py_1003    conda-forge
pip                       23.0.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pixman                    0.40.0               h36c2ea0_0    conda-forge
pkgutil-resolve-name      1.3.10             pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
platformdirs              4.2.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.20.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
prompt-toolkit            3.0.42             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.42               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
psutil                    5.9.8           py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h36c2ea0_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.7.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
pure_eval                 0.2.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pycparser                 2.21               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pygments                  2.17.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pysam                     0.22.0                   pypi_0    pypi
pysocks                   1.7.1              pyha2e5f31_6    conda-forge
python                    3.11.0          he550d4f_1_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.9.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-fastjsonschema     2.19.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python-json-logger        2.0.7              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.11                    3_cp311    conda-forge
pytz                      2024.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
pyyaml                    6.0             py311hd4cff14_5    conda-forge
pyzmq                     25.1.1          py311h75c88c4_1    conda-forge
qtconsole-base            5.5.1              pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
qtpy                      2.4.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
r-abind                   1.4_5           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-ash                     1.0_15          r42h61816a4_1008    conda-forge
r-askpass                 1.1               r42h06615bd_3    conda-forge
r-assertthat              0.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-backports               1.4.1             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-base                    4.2.2                ha7d60f8_3    conda-forge
r-base64enc               0.1_3           r42h06615bd_1005    conda-forge
r-bezier                  1.1.2           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-bh                      1.81.0_1          r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bit                     4.0.5             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-bit64                   4.0.5             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-bitops                  1.0_7             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-blob                    1.2.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-boot                    1.3_28.1          r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-brew                    1.0_8             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-brio                    1.1.3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-broom                   1.0.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-bslib                   0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cachem                  1.0.7             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-callr                   3.7.3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-car                     3.1_1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-cardata                 3.0_5             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-caret                   6.0_94            r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-catools                 1.18.2            r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-cellranger              1.1.0           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-checkmate               2.1.0             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-class                   7.3_21            r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-cli                     3.6.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-clipr                   0.8.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-clock                   0.6.1             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-cluster                 2.1.4             r42h8da6f51_0    conda-forge
r-codetools               0.2_19            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-colorspace              2.1_0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-commonmark              1.9.0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-conquer                 1.3.3             r42hbf9dc1e_0    conda-forge
r-corrplot                0.92              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-cowplot                 1.1.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-cpp11                   0.4.3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-crayon                  1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-credentials             1.3.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-crosstalk               1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-crul                    1.2.0             r42h6115d3f_0  
r-curl                    4.3.3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-cvtools                 0.3.2           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-data.table              1.14.8            r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-dbi                     1.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-dbplyr                  2.3.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-deldir                  1.0_6             r42h8da6f51_1    conda-forge
r-deoptimr                1.1_3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-desc                    1.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-desolve                 1.38              r42hd9ac46e_0    conda-forge
r-devtools                2.4.5             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-dichromat               2.0_0.1           r42ha770c72_1    conda-forge
r-diffobj                 0.3.5             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-digest                  0.6.31            r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-diptest                 0.76_0            r42h57805ef_2    conda-forge
r-doparallel              1.0.17            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-downlit                 0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-dplyr                   1.1.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-dqrng                   0.3.0             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-e1071                   1.7_13            r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-ellipsis                0.3.2             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-evaluate                0.20              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-extrafont               0.19              r42ha770c72_1    conda-forge
r-extrafontdb             1.0               r42h142f84f_0  
r-fansi                   1.0.4             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-farver                  2.1.1             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-fastmap                 1.1.1             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-fda                     6.1.4             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fds                     1.8               r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-filelock                1.0.2           r42h133d619_1003    conda-forge
r-fitdistrplus            1.1_8             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-flexmix                 2.3_19            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fnn                     1.1.3.1           r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-fontawesome             0.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fontbitstreamvera       0.1.1             r42h142f84f_0  
r-fontliberation          0.1.0             r42h142f84f_0  
r-fontquiver              0.2.1           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-forcats                 1.0.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-foreach                 1.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-foreign                 0.8_84            r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-formatr                 1.14              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-formula                 1.2_5             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-fpc                     2.2_10            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-fs                      1.6.1             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-futile.logger           1.4.3           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-futile.options          1.0.1           r42hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-future                  1.32.0            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-future.apply            1.10.0            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gdtools                 0.3.3             r42h063d75a_1    conda-forge
r-generics                0.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gert                    1.9.2             r42h1ab2d24_2    conda-forge
r-gfonts                  0.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggally                  2.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ggfittext               0.10.0            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggforce                 0.4.1             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-ggfortify               0.4.16            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gggenes                 0.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggplot2                 3.4.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggpubr                  0.6.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggrepel                 0.9.3             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-ggridges                0.5.4             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ggsci                   3.0.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-ggsignif                0.6.4             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gh                      1.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gitcreds                0.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-globals                 0.16.2            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-glue                    1.6.2             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-gmm                     1.8               r42h61816a4_1    conda-forge
r-goftest                 1.2_3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-gower                   1.0.1             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-gplots                  3.1.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-gridextra               2.3             r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-gridtext                0.1.5             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-grr                     0.9.5           r42h7525677_1005    conda-forge
r-gtable                  0.3.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-gtools                  3.9.4             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-hardhat                 1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-haven                   2.5.2             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-hdf5r                   1.3.8             r42h92e1012_2    conda-forge
r-hdrcde                  3.4               r42h61816a4_2    conda-forge
r-here                    1.0.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hexbin                  1.28.2            r42h8da6f51_1    conda-forge
r-highr                   0.10              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-hmisc                   5.0_1             r42hac0b197_0    conda-forge
r-hms                     1.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hrbrthemes              0.8.7             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-htmltable               2.4.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-htmltools               0.5.4             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-htmlwidgets             1.6.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httpcode                0.3.0             r42h142f84f_0  
r-httpuv                  1.6.9             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-httr                    1.4.5             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-httr2                   0.2.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-hwriter                 1.3.2.1           r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ica                     1.0_3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-igraph                  1.4.1             r42h65ed38e_0    conda-forge
r-ini                     0.3.1           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-interp                  1.1_3             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-ipred                   0.9_14            r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-irdisplay               1.1               r42h6115d3f_0    r
r-irkernel                1.3                       r42_0    r
r-irlba                   2.3.5.1           r42h5f7b363_0    conda-forge
r-isoband                 0.2.7             r42h38f115c_1    conda-forge
r-iterators               1.0.14            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-jpeg                    0.1_10            r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-jquerylib               0.1.4             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-jsonlite                1.8.4             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-kernlab                 0.9_32            r42h08d816e_1    conda-forge
r-kernsmooth              2.23_20           r42hd009a43_1    conda-forge
r-knitr                   1.42              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ks                      1.14.1            r42h57805ef_0    conda-forge
r-labeling                0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-laeken                  0.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-lambda.r                1.2.4             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-later                   1.3.0             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-lattice                 0.20_45           r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-latticeextra            0.6_30            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-lava                    1.7.2.1           r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lazyeval                0.2.2             r42h06615bd_3    conda-forge
r-ldlinkr                 1.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-leiden                  0.4.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-lifecycle               1.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-listenv                 0.9.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-lme4                    1.1_32            r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-lmtest                  0.9_40            r42h8da6f51_1    conda-forge
r-locfit                  1.5_9.7           r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-lsei                    1.3_0             r42hc3ea6d6_2    conda-forge
r-lubridate               1.9.2             r42h133d619_1    conda-forge
r-magrittr                2.0.3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-maptools                1.1_6             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-markdown                1.7               r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-mass                    7.3_58.3          r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-matrix                  1.5_3             r42h5f7b363_0    conda-forge
r-matrix.utils            0.9.8             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-matrixmodels            0.5_1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-matrixstats             0.63.0            r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-mclust                  6.0.0             r42hd9ac46e_1    conda-forge
r-memoise                 2.0.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-mgcv                    1.8_42            r42he1ae0d6_0    conda-forge
r-mime                    0.12              r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-miniui                  0.1.1.1         r42hc72bb7e_1003    conda-forge
r-minqa                   1.2.5             r42hb13c81a_0    conda-forge
r-misc3d                  0.9_1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-modelmetrics            1.2.2.2           r42h7525677_2    conda-forge
r-modeltools              0.2_23            r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-multicool               0.1_12            r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-munsell                 0.5.0           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-mvtnorm                 1.2_3             r42hd9ac46e_0    conda-forge
r-nada                    1.6_1.1           r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-nlme                    3.1_162           r42hac0b197_0    conda-forge
r-nloptr                  2.0.3             r42hb13c81a_1    conda-forge
r-nnet                    7.3_18            r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-npsurv                  0.5_0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-numderiv                2016.8_1.1        r42hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-openssl                 2.0.6             r42hb353fa6_1    conda-forge
r-openxlsx                4.2.5.2           r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-pafr                    0.0.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-parallelly              1.34.0            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-patchwork               1.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pbapply                 1.7_0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pbdzmq                  0.3_7             r42h884c59f_0    r
r-pbkrtest                0.5.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pcapp                   2.0_3             r42h08d816e_1    conda-forge
r-perry                   0.3.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-pillar                  1.8.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-pkgbuild                1.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgconfig               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-pkgdown                 2.0.7             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pkgload                 1.3.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-plogr                   0.2.0           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-plot3d                  1.4               r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-plotly                  4.10.1            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pls                     2.8_2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-plyr                    1.8.8             r42h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-png                     0.1_8             r42h10cf519_0    conda-forge
r-polyclip                1.10_4            r42h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-polynom                 1.4_1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-prabclus                2.3_3             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-pracma                  2.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-praise                  1.0.0           r42hc72bb7e_1006    conda-forge
r-prettyunits             1.1.1             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-proc                    1.18.0            r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-processx                3.8.0             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-prodlim                 2019.11.13        r42h7525677_2    conda-forge
r-profvis                 0.3.7             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-progress                1.2.2             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-progressr               0.13.0            r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-promises                1.2.0.1           r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-proxy                   0.4_27            r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-ps                      1.7.2             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-purrr                   1.0.1             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-quantreg                5.94              r42hb361e29_1    conda-forge
r-r6                      2.5.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-ragg                    1.2.5             r42hd65d3ba_0    conda-forge
r-rainbow                 3.7               r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-ranger                  0.15.1            r42ha503ecb_1    conda-forge
r-rann                    2.6.1             r42h7525677_3    conda-forge
r-rappdirs                0.3.3             r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-rcmdcheck               1.4.0             r42h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-rcolorbrewer            1.1_3             r42h785f33e_1    conda-forge
r-rcpp                    1.0.10            r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rcppannoy               0.0.20            r42h7525677_0    conda-forge
r-rcpparmadillo           0.11.4.4.0        r42h358215d_0    conda-forge
r-rcppeigen               0.3.3.9.3         r42h9f5de39_0    conda-forge
r-rcppparallel            5.1.6             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rcppprogress            0.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-rcpptoml                0.1.7             r42h7525677_2    conda-forge
r-rcurl                   1.98_1.10         r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-readr                   2.1.4             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-readxl                  1.4.2             r42h81ef4d7_0    conda-forge
r-recipes                 1.0.5             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rematch                 1.0.1           r42hc72bb7e_1005    conda-forge
r-rematch2                2.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-remotes                 2.4.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-repr                    1.1.4             r42h6115d3f_0    r
r-reshape                 0.8.9             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-reshape2                1.4.4             r42h7525677_2    conda-forge
r-restfulr                0.0.15            r42h73dbb54_1    bioconda
r-reticulate              1.26              r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-rgeos                   0.6_2             r42h0d5128d_1    conda-forge
r-rio                     0.5.29            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rjson                   0.2.21            r42h7525677_2    conda-forge
r-rlang                   1.1.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rmarkdown               2.20              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-robcompositions         2.4.1             r42ha503ecb_0    conda-forge
r-robustbase              0.99_0            r42hd9ac46e_0    conda-forge
r-robusthd                0.8.0             r42h08d816e_0    conda-forge
r-rocr                    1.0_11            r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-roxygen2                7.2.3             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rpart                   4.1.19            r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-rprojroot               2.0.3             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rrcov                   1.7_4             r42h13b3f57_0    conda-forge
r-rspectra                0.16_1            r42h9f5de39_1    conda-forge
r-rsqlite                 2.3.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-rstatix                 0.7.2             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-rstudioapi              0.14              r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-rtsne                   0.16              r42h37cf8d7_1    conda-forge
r-rttf2pt1                1.3.10            r42h76d94ec_0  
r-rversions               2.1.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-sandwich                3.0_2             r42hc72bb7e_2    conda-forge
r-sass                    0.4.5             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-scales                  1.2.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-scattermore             0.8               r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
r-sctransform             0.3.5             r42h9f5de39_1    conda-forge
r-sessioninfo             1.2.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-seurat                  4.3.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-seuratobject            4.1.3             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-shades                  1.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_3    conda-forge
r-shiny                   1.7.4             r42h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-sitmo                   2.0.2             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-snow                    0.4_4             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-sourcetools             0.1.7_1           r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-sp                      1.6_0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-sparsem                 1.81              r42h8da6f51_1    conda-forge
r-spatstat.data           3.0_1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.explore        3.1_0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.geom           3.1_0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.random         3.1_4             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.sparse         3.0_1             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-spatstat.utils          3.0_2             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-squarem                 2021.1            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-statmod                 1.5.0             r42h74f4db8_0    conda-forge
r-stringi                 1.7.12            r42h1ae9187_0    conda-forge
r-stringr                 1.5.0             r42h785f33e_0    conda-forge
r-survival                3.5_5             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-sys                     3.4.1             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-systemfonts             1.0.4             r42h0ff29ef_1    conda-forge
r-tensor                  1.5             r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-testthat                3.1.7             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-textshaping             0.3.6             r42hbb20487_4    conda-forge
r-tibble                  3.2.0             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-tidyr                   1.3.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-tidyselect              1.2.0             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-timechange              0.2.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-timedate                4022.108          r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tinytex                 0.44              r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-tmvtnorm                1.5               r42h61816a4_2    conda-forge
r-triebeard               0.3.0             r42h884c59f_0  
r-truncnorm               1.0_9             r42h57805ef_1    conda-forge
r-tweenr                  2.0.2             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-tzdb                    0.3.0             r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-urlchecker              1.0.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-urltools                1.7.3             r42h884c59f_0  
r-usethis                 2.1.6             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-utf8                    1.2.3             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-uuid                    1.1_0             r42h76d94ec_0    r
r-uwot                    0.1.14            r42h7525677_1    conda-forge
r-vcd                     1.4_11            r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-vctrs                   0.6.0             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-vim                     6.2.2             r42ha503ecb_2    conda-forge
r-viridis                 0.6.2             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-viridislite             0.4.1             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-vroom                   1.6.1             r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-waldo                   0.4.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-whisker                 0.4.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-withr                   2.5.0             r42hc72bb7e_1    conda-forge
r-xfun                    0.37              r42h38f115c_0    conda-forge
r-xml                     3.99_0.13         r42hed7f998_0    conda-forge
r-xml2                    1.3.3             r42h044e5c7_2    conda-forge
r-xopen                   1.0.0           r42hc72bb7e_1004    conda-forge
r-xtable                  1.8_4             r42hc72bb7e_4    conda-forge
r-yaml                    2.3.7             r42h133d619_0    conda-forge
r-zcompositions           1.4.1             r42hc72bb7e_0    conda-forge
r-zip                     2.2.2             r42h06615bd_0    conda-forge
r-zoo                     1.8_11            r42h06615bd_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.1.2                h8228510_1    conda-forge
referencing               0.33.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
requests                  2.31.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3339-validator         0.1.4              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
rfc3986-validator         0.1.1              pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
rpds-py                   0.18.0          py311h46250e7_0    conda-forge
sed                       4.8                  he412f7d_0    conda-forge
send2trash                1.8.2              pyh41d4057_0    conda-forge
setuptools                67.6.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
six                       1.16.0             pyh6c4a22f_0    conda-forge
sniffio                   1.3.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
soupsieve                 2.5                pyhd8ed1ab_1    conda-forge
stack_data                0.6.2              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
sysroot_linux-64          2.12                he073ed8_15    conda-forge
terminado                 0.18.0             pyh0d859eb_0    conda-forge
tinycss2                  1.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.12               h27826a3_0    conda-forge
tktable                   2.10                 hb7b940f_3    conda-forge
toml                      0.10.2             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tomli                     2.0.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.4             py311h459d7ec_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 5.14.1             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
types-python-dateutil     2.8.19.20240311    pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing-extensions         4.10.0               hd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
typing_extensions         4.10.0             pyha770c72_0    conda-forge
typing_utils              0.1.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
tzdata                    2022g                h191b570_0    conda-forge
uri-template              1.3.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
urllib3                   2.2.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wcwidth                   0.2.13             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webcolors                 1.13               pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
webencodings              0.5.1              pyhd8ed1ab_2    conda-forge
websocket-client          1.7.0              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
wheel                     0.40.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        4.0.10             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xmltodict                 0.13.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             hd9c2040_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.8.4                h0b41bf4_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h7f98852_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h0b41bf4_2    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h7f98852_1003    conda-forge
xorg-libxt                1.2.1                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h7f98852_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h0b41bf4_1003    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h7f98852_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.6                h166bdaf_0    conda-forge
yaml                      0.2.5                h7f98852_2    conda-forge
yq                        3.1.1              pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.4                h2531618_0    anaconda
zipp                      3.17.0             pyhd8ed1ab_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.13               h166bdaf_4    conda-forge
zstd                      1.5.2                h3eb15da_6    conda-forge
